Update PR template (#29305)
StarRocks/starrocks: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Doc
- [ ] Tool

> ## Is there a behavior change:
> 
> - [x] This PR will involve a behavior change
>   - [ ] Interface/UI changes: syntax, type conversion, expression evaluation, display information
>   - [ ] Parameter changes: default values, similar parameters but with different default values
>   - [ ] Policy changes: use new policy to replace old one, functionality automatically enabled
>   - [ ] Feature removed
>   - [ ] Miscellaneous: updgrade & downgrade compatibility, ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does this PR entail a change in behavior?

- [x] Yes, this PR will result in a change in behavior.
- [ ] No, this PR will not result in a change in behavior.

If yes, please specify the type of change:

- [ ] Interface/UI changes: syntax, type conversion, expression evaluation, display information
- [ ] Parameter changes: default values, similar parameters but with different default values
- [ ] Policy changes: use new policy to replace old one, functionality automatically enabled
- [ ] Feature removed
- [ ] Miscellaneous: upgrade & downgrade compatibility, etc.
```
